OCDOCS 15797 OCPSTRAT-2182 Updated boot images: Phase 5 (vsphere, Azure GA)/boot images for ControlPlaneMachineSets (#102966)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/mco-update-boot-images-abstract.adoc

Reviewer: I am not entirely sure this will work for migration. I think it's okay to move forward with it, but if I hear back from tooling folks that it will be a problem, I'll let you know.

//
// * machine_configuration/mco-update-boot-images.adoc
// * nodes/nodes/nodes-update-boot-images.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

[role="_abstract"]

> For clusters on specific {product-title} platforms, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) can manage and update the boot image on each node. The MCO uses this boot image to scale up new nodes. Updating the {op-system-first} version of the boot image ensures it the matches the {op-system-first} version appropriate for your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: A little long, maybe this?

```suggestion
For supported cluster configurations, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) can manage and update the boot image on each node to ensure the Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) version of the boot image matches the Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) version appropriate for your cluster.

The MCO uses this boot image to scale up new nodes.
```
